Privacy Policy


[DEVELOPER_NAME] ("developer") built the [APPNAME] app. This SERVICE ("app") is provided
by at no cost and is intended for use as is (please read the [TERAMS AND CONDITIONS]).
  OR
as is (please read the [TERAMS AND CONDITIONS]). 

This privacy policy is used to inform you regarding policies with the collection, use, and 
disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this app.


1. Overview

The app does not collect or share any personal information. There are also no third-party
ads in this app.


2. Security

I am striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your Personal
Information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of 
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute
security.


3. Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you 
will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me.
Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have 
no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or 
practices of any third-party sites or services.


4. Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 16. I do not knowingly collect 
personally identifiable information from children under 16. In the case I discover that 
a child under 16 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete those 
informations. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
provided personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary
actions.


5. Distribution

The only official channel for distribution of this app are:
* Google Play Store                https://play.google.com/

Any other mode of distribution is not official and thus, is not maintained by the developer.
This privacy policy is effective to distribution made on official channel only.


6. Changes to This Privacy Policy

This policy may be updated from time to time.


Contact me

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact me.

[CONTACT]
